The game is tough? Oh
Oahu
Well, you have not played getting it made from Bennett's fuddy .. if that name does not mean anything to you,
Then excuse me, I think you're not a Utopar. With such amazing headlines Corp-
Club, remember Club? Here we are with his last address, get over it.
It's supposed to be difficult if you're a little kid
I do not have
I have no idea how to play, all right? I'm moving this with the mouse. Okay. Easy!
If you can not beat this game,
You may have a good life, and go to another look at this look at this
Speed ​​it up. I speed it up. I want to know drama to this game. * Laugh *
Speed ​​Run. I'm speeding up and I know backstory to Tess's laughing game
You may also have quit life and do something else look at this look at this
What
what happens
Yeah
None - these things do not happen to me, okay?
Basa
My God.
Do not patronize me, a game. Okay
I know exactly what I'm doing. * For Mao u do * Well, it seems there - oh wait
There is a new striker, clearly. Rikin. "Oh, oh this will be bad.
There is nothing wrong. You know what, it's okay. I see - I see what to do, okay? I have to launch myself there,
Which is easy. This is easy.
You could be playing a little easier, please? I mean harder. You know - eh oh
There it is, you've got to keep the momentum going, clearly. You gotta pop so you do not stop,
And if you do not stop
Then you are not pop. Now, to love God, do not fall down -
Well, we gotta launch yourself here.
Look at it. Soft.
Smooth McGroove - Fuck you. Why do you put your hand there?
It's not, it's really not a problem. Do not worry me Benny. Mr. Foudi. do not worry about that.
* Aye Aye * Well, so this looked a little bit tricky. Because I will do the move
This will save the universe.
Look at it. right Now,
Let's not fall down.
Stop
I know what the task is.
Listen, nothing is just pure! Nothing is too chitty! Schwifty,
Get Squeefty.
nothing! NOOOO!
* Is that buck angel? *
No
I am alive. I am alive. Well Well. We are ok.
We are ok.
Why would you make a game that made me lose that great progress?
SKRRRA! Easy friends, easy friends, easy.
Use your core power. Think of your Pix after all this.
Easy, please, please, please. If anyone is struggling with this game, they need to be a killer - Oh.
This is a dumb game.
Yeah
Look at it friends, look at it. Thanks. I want to thank God Oh. My God.
This sounds really hard there. Can I stand on this coffee cup? No,
I can not. Thank you, a cup of coffee to serve for any purpose but to piss me off.
I will go here.
Now we're gonna play a little slower, a game. A little slower, but that's okay.
I'm going to - Oh
Carefully pull myself out, because you do not want to make mistakes.
Not at this point, because we clearly have a checkpoint here. This is -
Yes really? Yes. Yes I know.
Well, I do not know why you tell me this.
No
It's actually a fair point.
This is a really tough one, right? I mean, to love God. How so-
Pull yourself together, friends.
Yeah
Easy! Well, we got it. This is a checkpoint. This is definitely a checkpoint.
You know this guy is gonna make the next slippery stone or something.
Why am I stuck here?
There we go.
Oh my god dude, I like natural talent. Please, where is my reward for this game?
Where's my bonus for this game? Because you know, he can do this, right? Then why you can not - here we go.
There it is!
O my God, O Lala
Oh God
Or thanks good
Because you are not casual. I appreciate it friends.
Oh look at that
Look at it.
Well, well, well, we are
One day, I will get out of this jar and life will be magic. My Faw - ah.
Life will be magic one day.
Okay. Do this in any way
Amusing? I just really - I actually enjoyed the game. It's really interesting.
It works.
It works really well.
Ah, damn it. But damn it, it's frustrating. It seems easy.
But this is not really. It really does not. My God.
This game is gonna kill people. I know that he. This game is gonna hurt people.
People will die on this game. Well, I got this move down.
Oh, oh, I guess we're almost there. I actually think we can do it. Well, pull, pull friends.
I know you are stuck. Like it's stuck but not.
We say no. We are knights. This,
Yeah
who are you?
We cavalry who say - yes!
If you fall there, to the left, I do not even want to think about it
Now, now, relax.
deep breath. No!
Relaxing
This is fine, that is good, that is good, I will not.
Well Well? We are slowly, slowly, turning it around. slowly.
and then,
No
Okay. Well, well, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay. We just gonna push yourself a little more.
We will work lightly -
lightly
Okay
I do open heart surgery here. This is practically - well. Got this.
SKKRRRAA! Yes really!
A stupid game! Curse ! I bet Gaxptisie did not make it here.
My God
No
My God.
Shut the fuck.
Or oh
Do I not trust this? You gonna fucking let me go there, right?
* Michael Jackson Gorilla Noise *
Rib in the pepper.
Oh
Well Well
Okay
Lalala Oh hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Er, er, that's true.
He would not split us up!
It will not-
There it is. Nice. Yes, this is.
No big deal, I'm just in hell.
Well all right, well, it's easy from here. No.
(10/10 بيودس غ)
Oh my god ...
Oh
No
For all that, there is no such thing
Together Islam